Cdn on edge tutorial (#55)
wasmerio/docs.wasmer.io: pages/edge/tutorials/cdn.mdx

  [here](https://static-web-server.net/configuration/config-file/).
</Callout>

Now, let's add the following configuration to the `wasmer.toml` file.

```yaml
[package]
name = "<your-namespace>/<your-app-name>"
version = "0.1.0"
description = "<your-namespace>/<your-app-name> CDN on Wasmer Edge"

[dependencies]
"wasmer/static-web-server" = "^1"

[fs]
"/app" = "." # 👈🏼 Add the app directory as a volume mapping it to the root directory

[[command]]
name = "script"
module = "wasmer/static-web-server:webserver"
runner = "https://webc.org/runner/wasi"

[command.annotations.wasi] # 👈🏼 Add config.toml as an argument for the webserver
main-args = ["-w", "/app/config.toml"]
```

### Adding files for hosting

Now, let's add some files to the `public` directory.

```bash
$
$ touch public/index.html
```

I'll also add an image called `image.jpg` to the `public` directory.

And now our `index.html` file looks like this:

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
    <title>Document</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <img src="./image.jpg" width="600" />
  </body>
</html>
```

> You can also add other files like css, js, videos, pdfs, etc.

Reviewer: I reviewed this further. HTML files are not usually used in CDNs. Are static assets, such as `.jpg`, `.png`, `.pdf`,`.js` and more. Please replace this and use images and `.js` instead Just so people know what urls they got now

Author: I changed the tutorial to serve three image files:
```
https://wasmer-edge-as-cdn.wasmer.app/image1.jpg
https://wasmer-edge-as-cdn.wasmer.app/image2.jpg
https://wasmer-edge-as-cdn.wasmer.app/image3.jpg
```

What should be the name of the app? <NAME>.wasmer.app: <your-app-name> # This will be the name of your app
Would you like to publish the app now? no # Select no for now
Writing app config to '/path/to/your/project/app.yaml'
To (re)deploy your app, run 'wasmer deploy'
```

Select the above configuration mentioned in the comments and press enter.

The above command will initialize a blank project with the following structure.

<FileTree>
  <FileTree.Folder name="your-top-level-dir" defaultOpen>
    <FileTree.Folder name="public" defaultOpen>
      <FileTree.File name="index.html" />
    </FileTree.Folder>
    <FileTree.File name="app.yaml" />
    <FileTree.File name="wasmer.toml" />
  </FileTree.Folder>
</FileTree>

### Changing configuration for the CDN

As you might notice, this project uses the `static-web-server` package which is a static web server written in Rust.

Most notably, it supports changing the compression level, cache control, cors, and more.
All these configurations can be super useful when configuring a CDN.

So, let's add a `config.toml` file in your top level directory for `static-web-server`'s configuration.

> <Callout type="info" emoji="ℹ️">
>   The below configuration is the configuration of the `static-web-server`
>   package. More info about it can be found
>   [here](https://static-web-server.net/configuration/config-file/).
> </Callout>
> 
> You also need to update it with some changes listed below.
> 
> ```toml
> [general]
> 
> #### Address & Root dir
> host = "::"
> port = 8080
> root = "/app/public" # 👈🏼 Change the root directory to the public directory for static assets
> 
> # ... Rest of the config
> ```

Reviewer: The order of this is not very understandable.

Here's what would make it easier:

```suggestion

[The raw of the toml, I can't paste them here because Github formats it wrong]

<Callout type="info" emoji="ℹ️">
  The below configuration is the configuration of the `static-web-server`
  package. More info about it can be found
  [here](https://static-web-server.net/configuration/config-file/).
</Callout>
```

Reviewer: So basically, it would render like this:

So, let's add a `config.toml` file in your top level directory for `static-web-server`'s configuration.

```toml
[general]

#### Address & Root dir
host = "::"
port = 8080
root = "/app/public" # 👈🏼 Change the root directory to the public directory for static assets

# ... Rest of the config
```

>  The below configuration is the configuration of the `static-web-server`
>  package. More info about it can be found
>  [here](https://static-web-server.net/configuration/config-file/).

What should be the name of the app? <NAME>.wasmer.app: <your-app-name> # This will be the name of your app
Would you like to publish the app now? no # Select no for now
Writing app config to '/path/to/your/project/app.yaml'
To (re)deploy your app, run 'wasmer deploy'
```

Select the above configuration mentioned in the comments and press enter.

The above command will initialize a blank project with the following structure.

<FileTree>
  <FileTree.Folder name="your-top-level-dir" defaultOpen>
    <FileTree.Folder name="public" defaultOpen>
      <FileTree.File name="index.html" />
    </FileTree.Folder>
    <FileTree.File name="app.yaml" />
    <FileTree.File name="wasmer.toml" />
  </FileTree.Folder>
</FileTree>

### Changing configuration for the CDN

As you might notice, this project uses the `static-web-server` package which is a static web server written in Rust.

Most notably, it supports changing the compression level, cache control, cors, and more.
All these configurations can be super useful when configuring a CDN.

So, let's add a `config.toml` file.

> 
> ```bash
> $ touch config.toml
> ```
> 
> You can copy the following `config.toml`.

Reviewer: You can remove this fully, not adding any value.

```suggestion
```

Author: This is the primary `config.toml` file for static-web-server. This is the file that adds in CORS and caching and compression so should we remove it ? because it was the USP with custom changes in SWS configuration for CDN tutorial.

Reviewer: ? I'm suggestiong to remove the touch comment and the extra paragraph of compying, not the `config.toml` itself. Have you seen the suggestion? on what to remove

Author: Oh, My apologies, I misunderstood.

Author: I've changed the above paragraph to:
```
So, let's add a `config.toml` file in your top level directory for `static-web-server`'s configuration.

<Callout type="info" emoji="ℹ️">
  The below configuration is the configuration of the `static-web-server`
  package. More info about it can be found
  [here](https://static-web-server.net/configuration/config-file/).
</Callout>

You also need to update it with some changes listed below.
```

```toml
[general]

#### Address & Root dir
host = "::"
port = 8080

> root = "./app/public" # 👈🏼 Change the root directory to the public directory for static assets

Reviewer: That's not the root. The root should be `/app/public` Have we tested that everything works fully?

Author: changed to absolute paths, but yes it works perfectly with relative paths too

# ... Rest of the config
```

<Callout type="info" emoji="ℹ️">
  The above configuration is the configuration of the `static-web-server`
  package. More info about it can be found
  [here](https://static-web-server.net/configuration/config-file/).
</Callout>

Now, let's add the following configuration to the `wasmer.toml` file.

```yaml
[package]
name = "<your-namespace>/<your-app-name>"
version = "0.1.0"
description = "<your-namespace>/<your-app-name> CDN on Wasmer Edge"

[dependencies]
"wasmer/static-web-server" = "^1"

[fs]
"/app" = "." # 👈🏼 Add the app directory as a volume mapping it to the root directory

[[command]]
name = "script"
module = "wasmer/static-web-server:webserver"
runner = "https://webc.org/runner/wasi"

[command.annotations.wasi] # 👈🏼 Add config.toml as an argument for the webserver

> main-args = ["-w", "./app/config.toml"]

Reviewer: This is wrong, we should not use relative dirs here. The dir should be `/app`

Author: Changed to absolute paths

```bash
App type:
> Static website # Select Static website
  HTTP server
  Browser shell
  JS Worker (experimental)
  Python Application
Who should own this package?: <your-namespace>
No package found or specified.
What should the package be called? It will be published under wasmer: <your-app-name> # This will be the package name of your CDN
What should be the name of the app? <NAME>.wasmer.app: <your-app-name> # This will be the name of your app
Would you like to publish the app now? no # Select no for now
Writing app config to '/path/to/your/project/app.yaml'
To (re)deploy your app, run 'wasmer deploy'
```

Select the above configuration mentioned in the comments and press enter.

The above command will initialize a blank project with the following structure.

<FileTree>
  <FileTree.Folder name="your-top-level-dir" defaultOpen>
    <FileTree.Folder name="public" defaultOpen>
      <FileTree.File name="index.html" />
    </FileTree.Folder>
    <FileTree.File name="app.yaml" />
    <FileTree.File name="wasmer.toml" />
  </FileTree.Folder>
</FileTree>

### Changing configuration for the CDN

Let's first delete the `public` directory.

```bash
$ rm -r public

> ```

Reviewer: Why we want to start the guide by deleting a dir? Why do we need to delete it? It seems non-intuitive

Author: because we're adding the `config.toml` and the `public` dir inside `app`.
And when I did:
```toml
"."="."
```
It errors out that it's not able to find the root directory

Author: Changed it to "/app" = "."

Now as you might notice, this project uses the `static-web-server` package which is a static web server written in Rust.

Most notably, it supports changing the compression level, cache control, cors, and more.
All these configurations can be super useful when configuring a CDN.

So, let's add a `config.toml` file in the `app` directory.

```bash
$ mkdir app
$ touch app/config.toml
```

You can copy the following `config.toml`.

```toml
[general]

#### Address & Root dir
host = "::"
port = 8080
root = "./public"

# ... Rest of the config
```

<Callout type="info" emoji="ℹ️">
  The above configuration is the configuration of the `static-web-server`
  package. More info about it can be found
  [here](https://static-web-server.net/configuration/config-file/).
</Callout>

Now, let's add the following configuration to the `wasmer.toml` file.

```yaml
[package]
name = "<your-namespace>/<your-app-name>"
version = "0.1.0"
description = "<your-namespace>/<your-app-name> CDN on Wasmer Edge"

[dependencies]
"wasmer/static-web-server" = "^1"

[fs]

> "." = "./app" # 👈🏼 Add the app directory as a volume mapping it to the root directory

Reviewer: No, this is not the way:
```
"/app" = .
```

So, let's add a `config.toml` file in your top level directory for `static-web-server`'s configuration.

```toml
[general]

#### Address & Root dir
host = "::"
port = 8080
root = "/app/public" # 👈🏼 Change the root directory to the public directory for static assets
```

<Callout type="info" emoji="ℹ️">
  The above configuration is the default configuration of the
  `static-web-server` package. More info about it can be found
  [here](https://static-web-server.net/configuration/config-file/).
</Callout>

Now, let's add the following configuration to the `wasmer.toml` file.

```yaml
[package]
name = "<your-namespace>/<your-app-name>"
version = "0.1.0"
description = "<your-namespace>/<your-app-name> CDN on Wasmer Edge"

[dependencies]
"wasmer/static-web-server" = "^1"

[fs]
"/app" = "." # 👈🏼 Add the app directory as a volume mapping it to the root directory

[[command]]
name = "script"
module = "wasmer/static-web-server:webserver"
runner = "https://webc.org/runner/wasi"

[command.annotations.wasi] # 👈🏼 Add config.toml as an argument for the webserver
main-args = ["-w", "/app/config.toml"]
```

### Adding files for hosting

> Firstly, I'll remove the `index.html` file from the `public` directory.
> 
> ```bash
> $ rm public/index.html
> ```

Reviewer: This is confusing. We can put it in a better way:

```suggestion
By default the static website template generates a `public/index.html`, we can remove it if we don't need it (`rm public/index.html`)
```
